♪
One, two, make you wanna, uh
[♪ Silk Sonic sings "Fly As Me"]
♪
Yeah, yeah
Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay
♪
Now, have you ever been with a player?
Take you downtown
where they treat me like the mayor
♪
Take you to the crib,
we can take it upstairs
♪
-♪
What's upstairs?
♪
-♪
Shit, I'm-a show you later
♪
Don't need a spatula
Everything catered, extra flavor
♪
Go 'head, sprinkle some truffle
on your mashed potatoes
♪
I'm trying to love
Is you gon' love me back?
♪
You only get what you give
Ain't you heard of that?
♪
Look here
I don't ask for much
♪
You know what I want
I just want what's fair
♪
Huh
I'll bring that fire and desire, baby
♪
All you gotta do is
meet me halfway there, uh
♪
I deserve to be
with somebody as fly as me
♪
Somebody this fly
And you deserve to be seen
♪
with somebody as fly as me
Somebody this fly
♪
Nah, for real, I'm-a need
y'all to understand
♪
Let's get it
If you don't know
what we talking 'bout
♪
I'm-a have the whole band
help me spell it out
♪
Yeah, if you don't know
what we talking 'bout
♪
Class in session, here's your lesson,
help me spell it out
♪
-♪
F... L... Y
♪
-♪
F... L... Y
♪
You ain't never seen nobody this fly
It's like we back in school again
♪
Now come on, children, now spell it
-♪
F... L... Y
♪
-♪
F... L... Y
♪
You ain't never seen nobody this fly
Ow! And I'm gone
♪
-♪
Uh
♪♪
-[song ends]
Hey, Mikey.
Did you get a new haircut?
Oh, yeah.
Wife's in beauty school. Perm week.
-Looks good.
-Thanks, Travis.
-Giving Katt Williams a run for his money.
-[chuckles]
[woman] Can I borrow that?
[sultry music playing]
The pen.
Oh, yeah.
[Mikey whispers] Travis, say something.
Are you gonna give it to me?
-Oh.
-[music stops]
Yeah, sorry.
Thanks.
Wow.
-Smooth one, Romeo.
-Big load.
You know about big loads,
right, Mikey? [chuckles]
-Huh?
-You play too much, Travis.
[laughs]
[sighs]
Psst.
You should read this.
Oh, my God.
[Travis grunting]
-Put your hands up!
-What?
-Hands up! Put your hands up!
-[people screaming]
Get on the ground! Mikey!
-[screams]
-Sorry! Mikey!
-Sound the alarm!
This one's out of control!
You can't rob this place!
-Not with Travis and Mikey!
-[alarm wailing]
I take care of the...
-First Atlantic Bank.
-...First Atlantic Bank!
Show your hands! Put 'em up! Put 'em up!
-My hands are up.
-Get on the floor!
-I can't get on the damn floor!
-Why?!
My jeans are too tight
-right around the knee.
-I don't care!
-Lay down flat!
-I'm not getting on this damn floor.
Hey, Mikey! We're gonna be heroes!
-Could you just read the note?
-What?!
Bring it on down and read the note.
-[♪ Letherette sings "Woop Baby"]
-♪
I know you didn't know
♪
I know you didn't know...
[Travis] I mean, a note in a bank?
[Zoe] I thought it was cute.
-[laughs] It's kind of funny.
-[laughing]
By the way, thanks for not reporting me
or, you know,
getting me fired or anything like that.
Yeah, well, luckily for you,
getting a gun pulled out on me
isn't my biggest fear.
Really? What's your, uh,
what's your biggest fear?
Mm.
I'm gonna need about five more rounds
before I tell you that part.
I'm sorry, I'm-- this is--
I'm not good at dates and stuff. I just...
I... I was gonna shoot you.
I didn't know you wanted
to take me out, you know.
And now this place is closing
and our date's gonna be cut short and--
I'm-I'm having a good time.
I just, you know, I wish it wasn't...
Oh.
You thought the date was over.
How cute.
Is-is there more?
[chuckles] This date isn't over
until your uniform
is on my hotel room floor.
Get the fuck out of here.
[dog barking in distance]
[romantic music playing]
Hey, baby.
Mm. What time is it?
Four o'clock.
-[sighs]
-Happy anniversary.
Aw. Happy anniversary.
Happy anniversary.
[both grunt softly]
Happy, happy.
Now, if I'm not mistaken,
this is our 25th anniversary, right?
Mm-hmm. I think it's the wood anniversary.
No, I think it's actually
the silver anniversary.
Are you sure?
-I'm pretty sure it's silver.
-[chuckles]
Okay, what did you get me?
Early retirement?
No more 4:00 a.m. wake-ups?
Well, we are at the tail end
of these 4:00 a.m. wake-ups,
I promise you.
No, honey, you're never
gonna quit this job.
Well, that's where you're wrong.
Because in six months' time,
we'll have saved up enough money,
and it'll just be me and you.
-According to your plan.
-That's right.
Oh, here's another part of my plan.
Tonight we're gonna have dinner
at the very first place
we ever had a date.
[clicks tongue] Aw.
-Dratorio? Dratorio.
-Dratorio.
To celebrate our 25th anniversary.
Mm. So sweet.
Eight p.m. sharp. Don't be late.
-I won't be late.
-Say, "I won't be late."
-I won't be--
Now say it in Spanish
so there's no confusion.
No voy a llegar tarde.
No voy a llegar
-- Say what?
-No voy a llegar tarde.
-Remember you said it.
-Mm-hmm.
All right, now.
-Apaga la luz.
-Ah.
"
Apaga la luz.
" I know what that meant.
-That meant "turn out the lights," right?
-Mm.
No, you usually say,
"
Apaga la luz, pendejo
."
-Te amo.
-[♪ Kevin Gates sings
"Thinking with My Dick"]
-♪
She's super thick
♪
I'm just thinking with my dick
My shit dumb
♪
I'm just thinking with my dick
My shit dumb
♪
I'm just thinking with my dick
Ain't too pretty in the face,
but she super thick
♪
I'm just thinking with my dick
♪♪
Oh, shit.
-Shit. Ow!
-[objects clattering]
[buzzer blares]
[♪ Ben E. King sings
"Supernatural Thing, Pt. 1"]
♪
Your love, your love
Supernatural thing
♪
[quiet chatter]
Your love, your love
♪
Supernatural thing
[song continues quietly over speakers]
[busy chatter]
Oh, hell no.
[Clark] Yeah. You'll get
the specimen later today.
Friggin' museum.
The Swedesboro loop?
Come on, Clark. Not today. Can't do it.
It's way out in the middle of nowhere.
You're my best guy. Why?
Hey, man, this is
my 25th wedding anniversary.
-I need a shorter shift.
-Yeah, that's news to me.
I put in a paper request last week.
Uh-huh. Why don't you send me a telegram,
hit up my beeper.
-Give me that.
-[tools whirring]
You know what?
Forget about paper requests.
The routes were locked
last night, midnight, okay?
You didn't check your phone.
That's on you.
When you and your wife Natalie
finally open up
that nice little sweet bed-and-breakfast,
unlock and lock the schedule
however you want.
This is your job.
You don't want to do your job,
get the fuck out of my depot.
All right. I'll do the shift.
Lovely. You made my day.
Thank you so much.
Okay, who am I gonna be with?
Where's Travis? Asshole Head.
Asshole Head?
Oh, he's got a face that,
like, uh, resembles an asshole
-in a way.
-[door opens]
-Yo!
-[excited chatter]
What up, boys? [whoops]
I got laid this weekend.
[Clark] There he is.
There's your new partner.
That annoying new kid?
Yeah. Asshole Face.
Have a fun day.
[Travis] I think it's pretty good
for how hot she was, you know?
Dude, it was like... You know what I mean?
-You know what I mean?
-[laughter]
This girl was hot, man!
It was magical.
I lasted like four minutes.
Which is, like, a new record, obviously.
Hey, nobody wants to hear
about your hepatitis.
You're two minutes late.
You're already supposed to be
in the truck.
And you need to stop smiling.
Smiles are earned.
[Travis] See you guys later.
Hey, I, uh, I just want to say
it's an honor to be working with you.
You're, like, a legend around here.
Hey, to hell with all that, man.
Listen, I don't know
who you been working with,
but if you're gonna be working with me,
you got to do things right.
Never come in here
with your uniform on already.
You get dressed here.
Oh. What if you didn't have time to change
'cause you were out with,
like, a really hot girl?
Well, then you come in here
ass butt naked.
Look, man, this is my 25th wedding
anniversary tonight, all right?
And if I miss dinner with my wife tonight
because my schedule gets
more fucked up than it already is
because I'm fucking with your ass,
I'm-a step to you.
-You got that?
-Yes, sir.
-All right, no "sir," just Russ.
-I'm sorry.
-Just let's do things by the book.
-Yes, sir.
Congratulations on that 25 years,
by the way.
-You must be so proud.
-Man, fuck that.
Just get in the truck.
So you got anything special planned
like fireworks or big cake or something?
That's none of your business.
If we do this in nine hours,
I can make it.
Nine hours?
You know I aced the precision driving
portion of my Metro PD test, right?
Well, that's not true
because if that was true, you'd be a cop.
That's true.
I did not do well on the rest of the test.
But I did crush the driving portion,
for sure.
Yeah. I-6, it's a ghost town.
Nine hours? No problem.
And we don't have to stop. You know why?
I packed my very own lunch.
-Huh?
-What the fuck?!
Close that! What is that?
What you got in there, yo?
What? It's a meatball sub.
I made it myself.
That shit smells horrible.
You can't have any.
Shit.
You don't need a sandwich,
you need a shower.
You ain't been home since Friday?
No.
And you peed, right?
'Cause we ain't stopping.
Hey, if I have to piss,
I'll piss in the gun port.
I'll shit in the gun port. Whatever, man.
Whatever gets you home to Nat
in time for your special day, huh?
-[truck horn honking]
-Happy anniversary.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Don't be abbreviating my wife's name
and humping and pumping in the chair.
-What's wrong with you?
-I'm sorry.
How do you even know
my wife's name anyway?
I'm your son.
I'm-I'm just kidding.
I heard you say it before.
-Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
-I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I guess you're starting off
on the wrong foot.
I overheard you say it on the phone.
Yeah, well, unhear it.
You don't think that's creepy
to, you know,
you hear somebody talking
and you're just in the back listening?
[whispers] Say, "Oh. Oh,
his wife's name is Natalie."
Well, yeah, if you say it like
if I'm just-- you think I'm...
-Th-That's how it had to be.
-I-I walked by.
You were on the phone. I wasn't like,
[creepy voice] "Ooh,
what is Russ's wife's name?"
That-That's what it felt like.
Keep my wife's name out of your mind,
-out of your mouth...
-Route five!
What are you looking at? Get out there!
[both] Hey, kiss my ass, Clark!
[engine starts]
-Good instincts.
-Yeah.
He's a fucking douchebag.
[Russell] Now, that is true.
[♪ Lkhn featuring DVTTY and Godwonder
singing "Lento"]
[song continues with lyrics in Spanish]
[song continues over vehicle speakers]
[song stops]
Who are you?
Where's Kyle?
Don't know Kyle.
I got the call. Here I am.
You're welcome. Who are you?
That better not be hot.
[scoffs] Whatever, bro.
We're gonna be dumping them
at the end either way.
You're just jelly
'cause I won't be pushing
that trash-ass meth lab
on wheels of yours.
-It's not a fashion show, J.Lo.
-[chuckling]
[Zoe] Hey. Cut it out.
[man] This is fucking bullshit.
Where's Kyle?
[Zoe] Yeah.
About that.
How do I put this?
-Kyle got shot.
-Kyle got shot?
-[chuckles]
-[Zoe] Yeah.
Gun in his sweatpants
went off accidentally.
Shot himself in the foot.
Can't walk, can't drive.
So I had to change up.
Banner, meet Miguel. Miguel, meet Banner.
Pleasure, bro.
I don't like him.
Oh, no.
You don't like him?
Let's talk about how we feel.
Come on, man, this is serious.
Let's just keep it professional.
In one hour,
Guardian Armored Services truck 1426
travels east from Swedesboro
across a hundred-mile dead zone
to Pleasantville.
He doesn't even know?
No cell service, nothing going out on air,
nothing coming in.
And we got 70 minutes alone
with the truck to get inside.
The take is 60 mil.
Damn!
What about the guards?
Shouldn't be a problem.
They turn into heroes, we lay them out.
Unless you're scared to get strong.
Me? Nah, nah.
I'm not afraid of going strong, baby boy.
Ooh, you both are so strong.
But I'm telling you,
it's not necessary today.
This is personal, and I don't need
either of you fucking it up.
You love talking to us
like we're stupid, huh?
Do I enjoy it? No.
But you got to play the hand
you're dealt, so...
I'm all in.
Hmm. Keeping it with the poker metaphor.
I'm impressed.
What metaphor?
Right.
Banner?
-Yeah, I'm in.
-Cool.
Both smarter than I thought.
We leave in five. Suit up!
[Travis]
Waffle House!
[deep voice] Arby's. We have the meat.
[Travis sighs]
[clears throat]
-[♪ Jack Harlow sings "Lovin on Me"]
-♪
I'm vanilla, baby
♪
I'll choke you,
but I ain't no killer, baby
♪
She 28, telling me I'm still a baby
I get love from Detroit
like Skilla Baby
♪
And the thing about your boy is
I don't like no whips and chains
♪
and you can't tie me down
But you can whip
your lovin' on me, baby
♪
Whip your lovin' on me, baby
Young J-A-C-K, aka Rico
♪
Like Suave, Young Enrique
Speaking of AKA, she's a alpha
♪
but not around your boy,
she get quiet round your boy
♪
Hold on, don't know what you heard
or what you thought about your boy
♪
But they lied about
your boy going dumb...
[grunts]
♪
She wearing cheetah print
That's how bad she wanna be...
[straining] I'm sorry, Russ.
[passes gas, grunts]
I'm sorry.
♪
But you can whip
your lovin' on me, baby
♪
-♪
Whip your lovin' on me
♪
-♪
I'm vanilla, baby...
You're supposed to be watching my back.
Oh. I'm sorry.
-[clears throat] You're right.
-[engine starts]
♪
I get love from Detroit
like Skilla Baby
♪
And the thing about your boy is
I don't like no whips and chains
♪
And you can't tie me down
but you can whip
your lovin' on me, baby
♪
Whip your lovin' on me, baby
Young M-I-S-S-I-O-N-A-R-Y
♪
-♪
You sharp...
-[♪ The Pointer Sisters sing
"Neutron Dance"]
♪
I'm just burning,
doing the neutron dance
♪
I'm just burning,
doing the neutron dance...
[song stops]
Man, it's an honor
to be paired up with you.
I, uh, I thought this wouldn't
happen 'cause you were
supposed to retire
like six months ago, right?
-Retire?
-Mm-hmm.
Who said anything about retire?
I'm not retiring.
-I'm moving on to a new career.
-You're pivoting?
This late?
Wow, man.
That's bold, man. You must be scared.
Wait, who-who said anything
about being scared?
It's okay to be scared.
Your generation can't pivot.
I mean, how old are you?
Well, how the fuck old do you think I am?
Well, you're Black, so you look 40,
but you could be up to 90.
[radio signal ringing]
[Clark over radio]
Travis, goddamn it,
come in!
That's a go for Trav.
Did you go into a First Atlantic branch
on Friday and pull a gun
on someone?
Uh, sir, that, uh, that was handled, sir.
Nothing's handled!
They pulled our contract
on every First Atlantic branch.
It's done.
Done. Do you hear me, you stupid fuck?!
Why don't you just let me explain, Clark.
Hold on.
No explanation! You're fired!
I want your badge and gun, you understand?
Badge and gun?
What are you, the police commissioner?
I mean, come on, man!
Besides, the investigators
took it already,
-so the joke's on you.
-You know what?
The fact you ever thought you could become
a real cop is a joke.
When this is all over,
you won't be able to get a job
as a meter maid.
Do you understand that?
Do you get that?
-Yeah, keep talking, Clark.
-I will keep talking!
And if I was a meter maid,
I'd be fucking great!
[Clark]
You'll be having
a leash in one hand
-[static crackling]
-and a plastic bag...
[static beeps, crackles]
[Travis sniffles]
Hey, you all right?
[sobs] No. No.
[sniffles] I'm such a fucking loser.
Look, don't pay no mind
to that shit that Clark said.
No, Clark's right, man.
If I just take that Metro PD test,
I'm just gonna fail again
like I always do.
Hey, you're gonna be fine.
I'm not gonna be fine.
I mean, who holds a hostage at gunpoint?
An innocent woman?
I'm a fucking idiot. I have no instinct.
You know, you should
just drive faster now.
That's what you should do.
[Travis]
I'm just never
gonna become a cop.
[tense music playing]
My dad was a cop.
My aunts and uncles are cops.
Everybody in my family's a cop.
Even my twin sister's a cop.
Was-was your grandmother a cop?
My grandmother was not a cop.
-We're not going fast enough.
-[sobs] Okay.
[engines revving]
[crying] I'll never celebrate
a 25-year anniversary.
No one's ever gonna want
to be with me forever!
Nobody!
[Zoe] Hang tight, Miguel.
Hey, yo, you seeing this?
[Travis crying]
I'm just trying
to hold a job
for more than five weeks, and now this?
[sniffles]
[tires squealing]
[Banner] What's he doing?
Hey, hey!
-[Zoe] Get around him.
-[Russell] Yo, yo!
Get it together.
-Whoa!
-[tires squealing]
You ran them off the road.
Sorry. Sorry.
-[Miguel] Whew. Graceful, bro.
-[Banner] Shut up. Fuck!
[Travis] What are they still
doing back there, man?
I'm not sure.
I wasn't paying attention
'cause of all the crying
and snot and shit coming out.
Hey, man, don't make fun of my emotions.
I'm not making fun.
It's kind of hard to pay attention
when another man is,
you know, going through
all that shit next to you.
[Zoe] All right, boys, let's rock.
[tires squealing]
[tense music continues]
[Zoe] Keep it steady.
You see what that says?
[Russell] "Pull over
and you won't get hurt"?
We're gonna die.
We're gonna die. I knew it.
Calm down. Remember your training.
I took a 15-hour online course.
What training?
[radio beeps]
Ten-33. Ten-33. You read me?
[radio static crackling]
We're already in the dead zone.
[Travis] They pre-write these?
Hey, they know the route.
How do they know the route?
I don't know, probably Clark or something,
fucking snake.
They spelled "brake" wrong.
No, actually that's right. That's right.
[Zoe] Come on, now. Don't be heroes.
[Travis sighs] Hey.
If we pull over
and give them all the money,
what are the odds that they kill us both?
A hundred percent.
[Zoe] Your move, guys.
I guess we'll have to do this
the hard way.
[Miguel] All right, boss lady.
[Travis] Oh!
Shit!
[Russell] Tear gas!
[coughing]
[Travis] Fuck!
[both coughing]
I can't see!
[Zoe] Come on, just pull over.
[coughing] What's going on back there?
-Get back on the road!
-I'm trying!
My eyes!
I can't see!
[can pops open]
I can't see.
Oh! Oh, my God!
Is that an energy drink?
Ah, is that Monster?!
[Zoe] Miguel, take out the tire.
-[Miguel] Bull's-eye.
-[both shouting]
-[tires squealing]
-[Miguel shouts, grunts]
[Zoe] Shit!
Miguel, what are you doing?
[Miguel] Don't tell me you think
I'm doing this on purpose!
[Travis gasps]
-[Travis] Hold on!
-[tires squealing]
[Miguel grunts] Shit!
-[Banner] What the fuck?!
-[Zoe] Watch out!
-[Travis gasping]
-[Russell coughing]
[gas hissing]
[coughing]
[Banner] You sure these guys
didn't know we were coming?
♪ ♪
Okay, we're good for now.
Whoo!
We did that shit, man!
I can't believe you thought
I was gonna bitch out and pull over.
They're not done yet.
Hey, man, they flexed
and we flexed harder.
We're good.
We got 80 miles between us
and Pleasantville
when we get some real law enforcement.
Between now and then,
it's just us and them.
They didn't stop. They let us go.
Well, I'm doing 100,
so I can get us there in 48 minutes.
-If I do 110,
-[electronic trilling]
I can get us there in 40.
-[engine revving]
-[Banner] Come on!
[Banner grunts]
[revving stops]
Oh.
You got stucky stuck.
I thought you said these people
weren't gonna be a problem.
People are uncontrollable variables.
Example A: Miguel's driving.
Rude.
[Banner] We're losing our window.
We go to plan B.
[tire thumping rapidly]
Oh, fuck.
No. Not now.
[rapid thumping continues]
No, no, no, no.
[Russell] Hey, what are you doing?
Keep going. They're run-flats.
Not at 100 miles an hour.
Well, how fast can we go?
Not fast enough.
We need to get off this road.
[air hissing]
Get the tire repair kit.
[Travis sighs]
♪ ♪
[Russell] If we're traveling
110 miles an hour,
how long's it gonna take
before they can catch up to us?
-Uh, let's see.
-[electronic trilling]
Seven miles between us, they're going 110,
so four minutes.
That's amazing.
Why would you ever want to be a cop?
You try being a math nerd
in a family full of cops, all right?
I don't want to be a cop.
I just want my family to love me
-and accept me for who I am.
-[vehicle approaching]
Oh, shit, someone's coming.
See if you can get them to stop.
Got it.
-[♪ Sugar Ray sings "Fly"]
-♪
All around the world
♪
statues crumble for me...
Hey, nobody's gonna stop for you
standing there with your thumb out.
Yes, they will. I'm white.
What are you doing?
There's a guy over here needs some help.
-[scoffs] Don't pick him up.
-Okay, okay.
[horn blares]
[Travis] Real nice!
[Russell] You know, to a moving car,
you might not come off all the way white.
If I was driving by and I saw you,
I would think octoroon and keep on moving.
[tires squealing]
Couldn't have made it this far
with a flat tire.
[tires squealing]
What's up?
[song playing faintly in vehicle]
[Zoe] They turned off.
They turned off!
-[engines revving]
-[tires squealing]
[tense music playing]
[air hissing]
All right, plug it up quick.
[Travis] Plugging it.
Is it this?
You don't even know how to plug up a tire?
Did they teach you anything? Give me this.
[vehicles approaching]
Yo, we should get the fuck out of here.
Yep.
-Just get back to the main road.
-[engine starts]
[tires squealing]
You are in an armored truck. Go faster!
So you want to play chicken, huh?
Banner, what are you doing?
Just get on the side of me.
Come on, man, punch it!
-They'll move!
-All right.
♪ ♪
[tires squealing]
-Ah, shit.
-Fuck.
[tires squealing]
[Banner] Let's make our move.
-PIT maneuver.
-What?
[Travis]
It's precision driving, okay?
I aced this portion of the test.
-I can spin them out.
-Stop. What are you doing?
[tires squealing]
-Whoa!
-Yo!
That did not go right.
-You didn't ace shit!
-Sorry, Russ.
[Zoe] They're out of the dead zone in 15.
Look what you did. Now we're boxed in.
[Zoe] Miguel, let's do this.
[Miguel] Now we're having fun!
[Russell] He's climbing out the sunroof.
What, more signs?
-[sharp thump]
-[Russell] He's on the truck!
Shake his ass off.
-[tires squealing]
-[Miguel]
¡Coño!
[Miguel] Shit!
¡Esto se movió!"
-Get around him!
-I'm trying, man!
He's clipped to the back, man.
-He's stuck!
-[Russell]
Shit!
Do something!
Jiggle the back! Make the back jiggle!
[Travis]
Jiggle it?
[Zoe] Banner, slow him down.
[Banner] Hold on.
[Miguel] Light it up!
[gas hissing]
[tires squealing]
He's cutting through!
-Push him, man! Go!
-Come on!
[Banner] I can't hold much longer.
[Miguel] Almost there.
Push. Push.
[Banner] Can't hold them back.
They're too heavy.
What are you gonna do?
Try not to die.
That's a cool-ass line.
[Banner] Miguel, he's on the side door.
[Miguel] Surprise, bitch!
-You all right?
-No, I'm not all right!
[Zoe] Get back to cutting.
[Miguel] He started it.
Tell me when he's about to pop out again.
Now!
[Miguel] Shit!
[Zoe] What the...
[grunting]
[Miguel] Motherfuck!
I lost my gun!
[Zoe] Can we stop the shooting?
Not to worry. Here.
Pepper spray.
Yeah, I'm-a take this
and spray it up my ass.
We got about a minute.
I mean, he's gonna burn the money
before he even gets to it.
All right, maybe you was right
in the beginning.
Maybe we just give them the money,
give them what they want.
Oh, we're just gonna give them the money?
Isn't that, like, the one rule
we're not supposed to break?
-Oh, now you're talking rules?!
-No!
Fuck the rules! Get rid of the money!
[Russell] Where's the money?
Where's the bills?
Hey. What the...
That's a squirrel monkey.
They're illegal from Costa Rica.
They have huge balls.
Man, fuck that monkey!
[Miguel] I hope you're decent,
'cause I'm coming!
Hurry up, man!
[Miguel] I can hear you!
Damn, bro-- What the fuck?!"
Whoo!
[Zoe] What is it with these guys?
[Miguel grunting]
[Banner] Fucking amateur.
[Zoe] Banner, what are you doing?
Stay in position!
[Miguel] No, no, no, no, no, no!
[grunting]
[Russell] Just take it!
[Miguel]
Mi pierna.
[Zoe] Look at this shit.
Make it rain! ♪
It's raining men
♪
Hallelujah
It's rain...
No? All right.
[Miguel grunting]
[Miguel] Careful!
[Zoe] Stop improvising.
Get back to the plan!
[gunshots]
Oh! Yahtzee!
[Banner] Can't see!
[Travis] He's still going.
Yo, the sunroof's open.
I see it.
[Banner] These guys are pissing me off.
All right.
[Banner] Well, shit.
-Fuck.
-[Zoe] Banner, what...
-[explosive pop]
-[Banner grunts]
Whoa!
Kobe!
-Reggie Miller!
-Who?
[Zoe] Fuck.
[Miguel stammers] Fuck this thing.
[Zoe grunts]
[Miguel yells]
[screams]
[Miguel] Fuck you, old man!
-[tires squealing]
-[grunting]
Shit!
[Miguel] Fucking strong old man!
Are you winning, Russ?!
[bullet ricochets]
[gasps]
[Clark over radio]
Asshole Face, come in.
Clark! Clark!
-[staticky]
Hello!
-What are you saying?
We're in a lot of fucking trouble here!
-[Miguel yelling]
-[Clark]
I know you are.
Will you just listen to me
for a sec, please?!
-[Clark staticky]
...listen to me.
-Clark!
-Travis?
-[static crackling]
-Clark!
-Wh-- Trav--
Do something! Get him back!
God fucking fuck!
Whoa! That was cool as fuck!
You're not gonna make me late
for my anniversary!
[singer vocalizing opera music]
[Zoe] Shit.
[distorted] Whoa!
[Travis] Whoo!
[Zoe] Goddamn!
-Hey, that's what I'm talking about!
-That's right, that's right!
That's what I'm talking about!
[Russell] Okay. All right.
-Oh, shit.
-Shit.
They're not done yet.
Go get 'em.
You got it.
Fuck 'em up.
Boom!
[shouts]
Shit.
Gotcha. Whoo!
Whoo!
That's what I call a pivot!
You didn't think
my generation could pivot?
Ha ha!
♪ ♪
That was awesome, dude.
-You were full Jason Statham back there.
-[groans]
And we got it all on camera,
so we can send it to the police academy,
show them I'm good enough to be a cop
and shove it right up their fucking ass.
I fucked my leg up though.
I fucked up my leg and my foot
and my ankle, my meniscus.
I know I tore my...
my whole back out, too.
My shit is all fucked up, just...
What? Just-just from that?
What you mean, "Just from that"?
You know what I just did?
I didn't warm up or nothing.
I just kicked the motherfucker out.
-It was crazy!
-It was like 20 seconds.
-That happens?
-It just takes a second
to fuck up your whole shit
when you're this age.
My whole shit is fucked.
The only reason I can move right now
is 'cause my body's in shock!
[Travis] You looked great out there.
Let's see how I look tomorrow
when my leg falls off!
[Zoe] 'Sup?
♪ ♪
Well, Russ, it's... it's been an honor.
Why don't you just tell Clark
we'll see his ass in hell, huh?
And while you're at it,
since you're gonna kill us,
why don't you just show us
who you are, huh?
Who sold us out? Tell us who sold us out!
You know, sometimes you know who you're
paired up with, but sometimes you don't.
Oh, the Swedesboro loop?
The route goes right through here.
We won't see anyone for, like, an hour.
Yeah, the dead zone lasts
for about 90 minutes.
[overlapping chatter]
We have like five cameras, right? No, six.
[overlapping chatter continues]
It goes on to, like, 80 miles an hour
'cause you're, like, tiny.
And those are my favorite presidents.
[chuckles] Wow.
-Bush.
-Yeah.
I'm gonna throw up.
-Easy. You man up.
-[groans]
Don't you give her the satisfaction.
Oh, no, no, no. I'm gonna be sick.
Oh, no!
-[retching]
-If you throw up, you a bitch!
You swallow that shit.
It wasn't Clark.
[Travis gulps]
Well, hey, it actually
doesn't matter what you say.
You know why? 'Cause you're a criminal,
and criminals lie all the time.
She's probably gonna try
and say it was one of us
who did it, but we both know
that's not true, right? Right?
You can't break us apart.
We're Russ and Travis.
-We're indestructible.
-Shut up and stand up.
-Okay.
-You, up.
Turn around.
Turn around!
Why is your ass so sweaty?
I'm nervous.
Big night?
Don't worry.
I'll give it back when we're done.
[Travis] Huh? Done?
Done what?
What happens next determines
if we're gonna be celebrating tonight
or if you're gonna be dead.
Okay, well, I would like
to obviously celebrate,
-right, Russ?
-Good.
That's what I'd prefer.
I really don't want to have to kill you,
but I will if I need to.
Y'all took my men out,
putting me in a very difficult situation
where I either got to bail on $60 million
and a genius plan that took
two years to put together
or do it with the two of you
sons of bitches.
[Travis] Wait, with us?
Wh-What about your friends?
From the-the little speed chase.
Why don't you go see if they're okay,
and if they're okay,
you let us go-- [screams]
Or-or we just do it your way, okay?
You think a guy that flew out of a car
going 80 miles per hour
and another one with blue dye
that flipped his car over are still good?
Those men are worthless to me now,
and that's on you.
But we ditched the money.
I don't know where
you're getting your information from,
but there was only $300,000 on our truck,
not 60 million.
[Travis] Yeah.
Wh-What about the squirrel monkey?
It could be the squirrel monkey.
Why would that monkey
be worth $60 million?
Well, it's behind glass.
[Russell] I don't give a--
How in the wild blue fuck
would that monkey
-be worth $60 million?
-[Zoe] The truck.
I've never seen a squirrel monkey...
The truck is the score.
-The truck?
-Wait, that truck?
-Our truck?
-All you had to do
was get out, and now
we at this pivotal crossroad
and I need to know:
Are you in... or out?
In... meaning we live, right?
And out meaning we die?
Tough call.
[birds chirping]
I really appreciate
if you didn't tell Russ, you know...
That we smashed and you told me
everything about the route?
-Yes, exactly that.
-Travis, I'm not a monster.
Really? Y-You're holding us hostage.
Because I had to, not 'cause I want to.
That number...
It's a fake.
Wait.
[chuckles] Did you call it?
Yeah, I called it, of course.
We did butt stuff.
Think I'm not gonna call after butt stuff?
What kind of man would I be?
Well, just for future reference,
if a girl gives you her number,
I mean, wait a couple days, you know.
But that was the whole thing.
You said you didn't want
to play games, remember?
We bonded over that.
You were like,
"I don't like to play games."
I was like, "I don't like to play games."
Yeah, because I don't play the game,
but other girls do,
so I'm just looking out for you.
-Thanks.
-[door opens]
[door closes]
For the record,
I had a good time this weekend.
All right. We good.
[Travis] Yeah, whatever you say,
robber lady.
Just make sure Russell gets home in time
for his anniversary.
That's all that matters.
That is all that matters.
[ambient music playing]
[coughing]
-[sniffing] Fuck.
-[groaning]
You look stupid as fuck.
[coughing]
Where's Zoe?
She ghosted us.
She's gone, bro.
I'm gonna kill this bitch.
But first we're gonna need some wheels.
Okay, we're coming out of the dead zone.
This where you make your call.
And, uh, do I need to remind you
that it's important to act normal?
This is unit 1426 coming in.
Looking for a piece of garbage
named Clark "Little Dick" Edwards.
What...?
For him, that is acting normal.
Travis, we lost signal on your GPS.
Where are you?
Oh, I don't know.
It's probably 'cause
your fucking trucks suck. [scoffs]
[Clark]
God, I wish
I fired you months ago.
Oh, I wish you could see
my face right now.
-Oh, yeah, why's that?
-'Cause it's 10:30, right?
So that means you probably
got your protein shake
out of the fridge and had some by now.
The hell are you talking about?
I'll take that as a yes.
Don't slurp too hard, Clarky.
Enjoy your smoothie, Clark.
What does that mean?
[sniffs]
What, he do something to this?
What'd you do to his smoothie?
He didn't put nothing in his smoothie.
Oh, I definitely put something
in his smoothie.
No wonder you're fired.
Yeah, I got fired.
It's a funny story actually.
I think you'll enjoy it.
You see, I was at the bank,
and I thought this woman
was trying to rob it,
so I pulled a gun on her. [chuckles]
Sounds like a colossal screwup.
Yeah, then she disappeared on him
after he fell in love with her.
[scoffs] I-I did not
fall in love with her.
-All right?
-Yeah, yeah, you did.
-[Travis] No, I didn't.
-Yeah, you did.
No.
If anything, she fell in love.
That's why she ghosted me,
-'cause she couldn't...
-I don't think she fell in love.
-You don't think so?
-Travis, zero calls,
zero texts.
Well, I got a new number,
so I don't know if everyone has it.
Russ, two calls, three messages.
Oh, wow.
Natalie sure does keep it spicy.
"Excited about tonight."
"Hello?"
"You haven't responded
about my photos." Frowny emoji.
You need to say something back.
You want me to draft a reply
or you want to send a photo?
-Don't do anything.
-[ringtone playing]
[Zoe] It's her. Ooh.
Okay, Russ.
Answer it.
Nope, that's a bad idea
for me to answer that.
'Cause she has a sixth sense
about stuff like this,
and she'll be able to tell
something's wrong with my voice.
Worse idea if you ignore her.
Answer it and tell her that
your boss needed another stop
and you need a rain check on dinner.
All right.
Hey, baby, how you doing?
Sorry, I just got out of the dead zone.
[Natalie]
What did you think
of my picture?
Oh, yeah, I loved it.
I really needed it on a day like today.
[Natalie]
Oh, I'm sorry, baby. That bad?
Yeah, they got me rolling
with the new guy.
[Natalie]
Oh, sounds fun.
Look, did you happen to see
my ring this morning?
I have been looking for it everywhere.
[Russell] No, I'm sorry, I didn't see it.
But listen, we're not gonna be
able to do dinner tonight
because Clark added another stop.
Huh. Another stop?
You know how Clark be doing.
Mm-hmm.
-I love you.
-Yep.
Have a good day.
Okay.
That was a total disaster.
Yeah, well, I'm sure
when you see her tonight,
you tell her you had a gun in your face
and she'll forgive you.
Hey, yeah. Um, 4300 South New Jersey.
Natalie Pierce.
Mm-hmm. I'll let you know
if there's any problems here.
Insurance policy.
If I don't call every half hour,
she's dead.
[tense music playing]
[Zoe] Turn here.
-Here? But that--
-Now.
We going back to Atlantic City?
What we getting ready to do?
♪ ♪
[singer vocalizing]
[tools whirring]
♪
Yeah, yeah
Oh
♪
[truck back-up alarm beeping]
[busy chatter]
[Zoe] Come on. Come on, come on, come on.
[Chop Shop] Ah, come on, now.
What... what is this?
-And who is they?
-[Travis] Hostages.
Two adult male hostages.
Shut up. No, they not.
Maybe they are. Look, change of plans.
The other guys are out,
and the truck is more damaged
than expected.
Can you fix it?
I need to know right now.
-He's out. Say you out.
-You're out.
So are you in or you out?
[sighs]
Hey, you don't see us standing here?
I don't see nothing.
-You don't hear me talking
to you right now?
-Nope.
-This motherfuck.
-Hey, look.
I need you to get these
non-people that I don't see,
I need you to get them
the fuck up out of here.
Man, they're not gonna say nothing.
Hey, you know, we can hear y'all.
Just 'cause you're whispering,
don't think...
That's wild.
It's so fucking quiet in here
I can hear a pin drop.
If you let us go,
I'll let you bang my twin sister.
She looks like me with long hair.
You trying to get us shot?
What's it gonna be?
[sighs]
Give me about an hour.
-I'll take care of this shit.
-Cool.
I think we can take them both.
I can make this motherfucker
disappear, too.
Yee!
[Zoe] What's wrong with y'all?
Hey, Yee! You involved, too, Yee.
♪
No, no, no, no
Yeah, yeah
♪
[singer vocalizing]
Hold up.
Now, uh, I'm sure you guys won't be trying
to misbehave again,
but in case you need a reminder...
[Natalie talking indistinctly]
[Travis] Oh.
Are we good?
-Yeah.
-Well,
I'm famished.
Let's get something to eat.
-[♪ New Edition sings "Candy Girl"]
-♪
Candy girl
♪
You are my world...
[Zoe] Mmm-mmm-mmm-mmm-mmm, mmm-mmm-mmm.
Mmm-mmm...
Y'all look stressed.
You shouldn't be. We on schedule.
No takers on the table pancakes?
They're for everybody.
No, those are robber pancakes.
No, thank you.
It's been a rough day for y'all.
Truck got stolen,
and now you're withholding yourself
the joy of eating pancakes.
Everybody love pancakes.
[Travis] Hey, you're a dipper, too?
I swear I've never met someone else
who dips like that before.
[chuckles] Right.
-Yeah.
-Otherwise, they, you know...
-Get way too soggy.
-...get way too soggy. Yeah.
That's crazy. That's wild.
Russ, have you ever,
you ever dip your pancakes?
[goofy voice] No, I don't dip my pancakes.
I like my pancakes like this.
This how I make my pancakes.
I-I like 'em all mushed up like this.
Get 'em all like that
and get 'em on the plate.
Ooh, that's perfect.
Then I get the syrup and I put it on.
I like lots and lots and lots of syrup.
That's how my granddaddy used to make it.
He used to call these
"fuck you flapjacks."
[normal voice] Soggy shit.
You know those guys back there,
they wanted to kill you.
But I have a plan to get you out of this.
-We are going to jail.
-No, we're not, man.
If we get caught,
we were coerced, all right?
It's gonna be fine, Russ.
Okay, well, what about
if we get shot and killed?
Look, guys, nobody's gonna kill you today,
unless you stop cooperating.
But you're cooperating, so we're good.
[Zoe humming]
So what's this, uh, OCD thing
you got going here?
This is the part
where you shut up and listen.
I'm gonna say it once. This is us.
This is the casino we're robbing.
The Sorrento.
At 2:45 p.m., we pull into the Sorrento
15 minutes before the scheduled pickup.
We enter underground in the garage,
all on camera.
But a security checkpoint.
My guy is changing the numbers
on the truck right now
and installing an RFID transponder
inside the truck
confirming it's active.
-They're all clear.
-[buzzer blares]
Green light, we're inside.
They'll think we're the real truck.
Then what?
Every Monday,
a truck picks up $60 million in cash.
It's the weekend earnings.
Today we happen to be that truck.
And we're not going back to the depot.
Are we the salt or the sugar?
We're the salt.
This is a very good plan, Russ.
How to steal an active armored truck,
that was the impossible part,
but I already figured it out,
so now we get to do the easy part--
walk in, walk out.
That's a smart plan.
Smart, but it wouldn't work.
I know it works.
Look, all casino pickups
are handled by the central depot.
That's not us. We're new faces.
You know, if the casino guards
have any sense,
they're gonna know that something's up.
I wore some different cologne
in there once,
and they talked about the shit
for two weeks.
This shit is not going to work.
Well, I guess you better
do your job so damn good
they don't ask you no questions, then.
Never mind that.
I'm just trying to make sure
don't nobody get shot and killed.
'Cause that's what's gonna happen.
If we do this, we will be shot.
-Is-is this all worth it?
-Yeah, it is.
It's all worth it to me.
[phone vibrates]
The truck's ready.
He's fast.
What's that, an Android?
You know what?
Keep the money. You need it.
[chuckles]
It's a burner.
Yeah, well, I'd by a flip phone
before an Android burner.
Yeah, very funny. Take this.
It's important.
Man, you gonna need this.
You come with me.
[Travis groans]
We'll be right back.
What if I have to pee?
-You say anything...
-Yeah, I know, I know.
And you kill me and you kill Natalie,
you shoot the whole restaurant
-and you kill everybody.
-Good memory.
'Cause you a bad mama-- shut your mouth.
Not talking about Shaft.
Ah, hey. All right.
Hey, you-- Where you taking him?
If I shit myself, I'm-a need assistance!
Hmm?
The fuck y'all looking at?
[Travis grunts]
Geez.
[door closes]
Strip.
You want to get one in before the heist?
[Zoe sighs]
I need your uniform-- now.
Right.
Let me help you.
[groans] Oh, my balls.
Hey, excuse me. Excuse me.
Sorry, hon, I-I... I got an emergency.
All right, me, too, hon.
-You fell in love this weekend?
-What?
N-- I'm-- I never said that, no.
I had a good time. You didn't?
-Yeah.
-[zipper whizzes]
Yeah, I-I had fun. Of course.
Now you get to learn
a little bit about my life.
Yeah. You're crazy.
This is fucking crazy.
You could get shot
working your job any day of your life.
How is this different?
Yeah, but I'm not a criminal, so...
And those people
whose money you move around?
How do you think they make theirs?
Playing by the rules?
[Zoe scoffs]
Take your pants off.
-Yeah. I'll just, uh...
-[zipper whizzes]
[table thumps]
[intriguing music playing]
[mug shatters]
You got my head all messed up now.
-You're making this difficult.
-Oh, yeah? How so?
Just not what I had planned.
-[door rattling]
-Hey.
[deep voice] Just give us a minute!
[normal voice] Are those
the same underwear from Friday?
♪ ♪
I'm sure there's
a really good reason for this.
Fuck!
-Come on.
-All right.
I'm sure he just went back
to the truck. Relax.
It's fine.
-Keep walking.
-All right.
-You looking at my ass?
-Shut up. Now come on.
-Fuck.
-Make a left.
[grunting] Hey, man!
-Shit. Get the gun!
-Get off me!
-[Russell] Got it? Got it?
-I got it.
[Travis] Whoa!
Call your guy and say it's done
and get away from my wife!
You all right, Zo? You okay?
-He hurt you?
-Fuck you mean, is she okay?
What are you talking about?
-What are you, friends?
-I don't know.
-Give me the gun?
-Huh? What?
Give me the damn gun.
[Russell] What are you doing?
Wait, it's you?
You're the... you're the inside man?
Oh, you-- it's you?
-No. No.
-Yes, yes!
-No. No!
-Yes.
-[Russell] Yes! Yes, you are!
-No, I'm not!
-No!
-You're the inside man!
I'm trying to... [groans]
-Ah, shit.
-[Russell] Go ahead, shoot us both.
-Don't shoot us.
-You're not gonna shoot us both
because you know why?
This is your boy, right?!
-I knew it.
-Chill out, Russell.
Your whole life, you fucked up, and now
you want to cheat to get ahead, huh?
-That it?
-[choking] I'm not in on it.
[Travis gasping]
Look, should I just tell him?
No.
Technically, Travis is my inside man,
but he didn't know he was.
I'm the girl he pulled the gun on.
The one he fell in love with.
Yes, I'm sorry, man. I didn't know.
-She played you!
-[Zoe] Don't blame him.
I'm pretty good at my job.
[tense music playing]
[singer vocalizing]
[exhales]
Hey, man, I know there's no excuse,
but I really haven't been the same
since I failed that test.
Oh, is that how it is?
Yes, that's how it is.
That's not fair, dude.
Hey, man, you wasn't even
a slight bit suspicious
when somebody that you pulled your gun on
wanted to have sex with you?
[stammers]
When someone wants to have sex with you,
do you ask questions?
If I pulled my gun out
and she was ready to fuck
right afterwards,
I-I would think, "This person is a freak."
[Travis] We were vibing, okay?
Should've been a red flag.
[Russell] And then you just go
and tell her everything
-about your job?
-Yeah.
That's what you do on a date, Russ.
You tell people about yourself.
No, see, you young people
like to just tell everything
and tell all your business
to everybody, don't you?
-You like to share it all...
-I did get him really drunk.
But he really opened up.
He told me about his dreams
and his family.
How he really wants to make them proud.
Yeah, well, I hope it was worth it.
[Zoe] I mean, Russ,
you weren't gonna go for it.
-I chose Travis special.
-See, you hear that?
She chose me special.
She looked at both of us
and thought I was special.
No, she looked at you and thought,
"This is the special idiot
that I need to pull this off.
I need a new shade of idiot."
-And that's you.
-I'm a new shade of idiot?
Yes, if it was an idiot crayon box,
this new shade would be,
"Hey, what color idiot--
Oh, that's Travis."
-It would say "Travis"
on the bottom of it.
-Mm.
Oh, 'cause I took a risk?
Hey, at least I won't be stuck
in this box on wheels
for the rest of my life 'cause I'm scared.
Ain't nobody scared of nothing.
For the record.
-[♪ Damian Marley sings
"Welcome to Jamrock"]
-♪
Out in the streets
♪
they call it murder
Welcome to Jamrock...
[knock on door]
Man, I told you I'm busy laundering money.
-Come back later.
-[door opens]
After this song go off.
Oh, what's up, my boy?
Hey, man, I like that look for you two.
Look like a motherfucking
gender reveal party or something.
Man, hey, look, turn around
while I do the code to my safe.
[gun racks]
[Banner] Ah-ah-ah.
I wouldn't do that if I was you.
Where is she?
She?
I'm trying to think
who you're referring to.
You're gonna have to be
a little more specific.
Fuck! Shit!
-[Chop Shop groans]
-[chuckles]
Look, man. [panting]
She said she lost her crew.
-Where'd they go?
-I don't know!
Man, I'm keeping it a hunnit.
You got to believe me. Fuck, dude!
Right.
I believe you.
[clicks tongue]
[gunshot]
♪ ♪
[engine shuts off]
[Zoe] Not making the same mistake twice.
Russell's coming with me,
and you're staying in the truck.
Oh, you don't think
I can break out of this
and blow up this whole operation?
Oh, you wouldn't want
to put your boo in danger.
She's not my boo, okay?
That ship has sailed.
[Zoe] Oh, now I'm not your baby girl?
I'm undecided.
We could still run off
into the sunset after all of this.
Well, let's do that.
Yeah, let's run off into the sunset.
And how about we stop
this whole robbery nonsense?
'Cause it's ridiculous.
She already did the robbery!
Look, I'm not the enemy here.
Well, it don't look like that to me.
Look, I know you say
this ain't about the money,
but I'm not buying that.
This shit is all about the money.
My dad worked security there for 17 years.
There was a fire
in one of the restaurants,
and whenever there's a fire in the casino,
it triggers the vault's fail-safe.
Automatically closes to protect the money.
But the security guards in there,
they would've been trapped,
losing oxygen within minutes.
My dad was posted down the hall,
and he ran to hold the doors
long enough for them to escape,
but he didn't get out in time.
He suffocated.
And instead of paying
his workers' comp and his benefits,
they said if he hadn't went in there
to save those guys,
he would've been out of harm's way.
That if he had stayed at his post,
he'd have been fine.
[voice breaking] But he was gone.
And my mom and I had nothing.
I was 12.
My dad died because their money
was more important.
So now I'm taking
what's important to them.
Their money.
[tender music playing]
You planned that whole revenge
out of the love for your father?
You learned weaponry and precision driving
all for this moment?
Yeah.
That's...
That's really hot.
And I'm sorry about your dad.
[Zoe] Let's get ready to go.
[Natalie] Hey!
Russell!
I know you see me!
That's right.
You better open this door right now.
-Open this door!
-[pounding on door]
-Hey, Natalie!
-Russell!
Hey, mama, you need to leave.
Oh. You couldn't make it back on time?
-No, listen--
-But looks like you're back.
-Yes, but listen.
-You can't lie to me.
Did you forget you married a Latina?
I put a fucking chip
in your neck,
hijo de--
[Russell stammers]
Hi, Natalie.
This is the young idiot
they partnered you with?
-No, no, no.
-Oh, no, no, no.
-She's young. Oh, she's young.
-No, it's nothing like that.
-Hey, why don't you just...
If I were you, I'd be pissed, too,
but it's all my fault.
-Let me explain.
-Why don't you just go back--
I have heard so much about you.
I'm Russ's new boss.
Uh, have you actually been
in one of these before?
No, as a matter of fact, I have not.
-[Russell] Hey, no, no, no, no.
-No, no, no, no, no.
-Yeah. Okay. All right.
-Hi.
-Yeah, now you see what it's like in here.
-I'm Travis.
Like I said, this is all my fault.
-[gasps] Oh, my God! Oh, my God.
-Yes. Yeah.
Okay, all right.
Yeah, we're getting robbed.
But it's okay. It's all right. We're okay.
Just do what she says.
Well, of course
I'm gonna do what she says.
Think I'm gonna try to be a hero
for somebody else's money?
She's got a gun!
Exactly. Why couldn't you be
the one driving the truck?
Wait, have they been trying to be heroes?
Girl, yes.
What is that? What is that, a man thing?
-[Zoe] No idea.
-You ruined
our 25th anniversary 'cause
you're trying to save the day?
I didn't ruin our 25th ann-- She--
The devil ruined our 25th anniversary.
Okay, Russ, that's a little harsh.
-I'm gonna need to tie you up.
-She's horrible.
-She's a horrible person.
-Okay, just-- fine.
-If you hurt Russell...
-You'll end me.
...I will end you. I will...
I will try to end you.
Yeah, how'd you get past the guy?
What guy?
There's no guy?
Technically, there was a guy.
My cousin. He just made $100.
-Come on. Turn around.
-[chuckles]
Come on.
I told you she was good. She's good, man.
[tense music playing]
[singer vocalizing]
[announcer]
...weekend's
main event is guaranteed
to be a blockbuster!
[announcement continues indistinctly]
[driver over radio]
Truck 1530
checking in.
[Clark over radio]
Go for it, Clark here.
[driver]
ETA to the Sorrento: 15 minutes.
[Clark]
Copy that, truck 1530.
[Zoe]
We'll continue to monitor
the real truck on that frequency.
Keep tabs on them.
[singer vocalizing]
Three p.m. central pickup.
[man over radio]
Uh, stand by
while I run those tags.
They're early.
[quiet chatter]
Should we hold them?
[man over radio]
One second.
[over speaker]
Hey, man, you gonna make us
wait five whole minutes?
[man over radio]
They're all clear.
-Copy. Let them through.
-[buzzer blares]
Good looking.
[upbeat music playing]
[echoing] ♪
Here we go
♪
[back-up alarm beeping]
[singer vocalizing]
Stay calm.
We have 13 minutes. Let's go.
So you're not gonna gag me
or put something in my mouth?
Not necessary.
You sound the alarm or yell for help,
and I'll make sure
Russell and I don't come back.
No questions asked.
-Te amo.
-I love you, too.
Don't do anything dumb, okay?
Do the thing and get us out of here.
Come on.
That was very nice.
Kiss for me? Nothing?
Where's Mark and Jax?
They switched us up.
-Well...
-[Russell] You haven't heard
what happened?
No, what?
It was a mental health leave.
They got stuck up by some fools
trying to come up big.
Yeah.
Luckily, they kept their cool.
The perp got shot when he ran.
They always do.
Who'd be dumb enough
to rob an armored truck?
Only the dumbest of asses.
♪
Yeah... yeah
[singer vocalizing]
[cheering]
[Clark over radio]
Hey, numb nuts,
where are you?
[driver over radio]
We are en route
to the Sorrento, ten minutes out.
[Travis sighs]
They've been in there too long.
I'm gonna go see what's going on.
Hey, hey, hey! Stay calm.
Don't do anything.
She's got Russell in there.
Don't want you making a move.
I'm not gonna make a move.
I won't do anything to jeopardize
Zo's safety, okay?
Who's Zo?
Zoe, the-the girl who kidnapped us. The--
I think that's her real name.
I'm pretty sure.
She wouldn't lie about that, right?
I'm not actually sure.
[sighs]
-I fucked up.
-Mm.
[elevator whirring]
[buzzer blares]
[quiet chatter]
[indistinct radio chatter]
[buzzer blares]
-[camera clicking]
-[photographer] Go right there.
Christ, they're still down here.
I'm sorry, they were
supposed to be out of here
-like 30 minutes ago.
-You're making my job easy.
That's it, Champ.
Okay, here we go, right here.
Over here, ladies. Strong back. Strong.
Confidence, confidence.
We'll just take the pickup and go.
They're sitting on it.
This guy is messing up my whole day.
You know what the worst part is?
I'm falling for her.
I fell for her. I'm in love with her.
You know how stupid that sounds, right?
-Yeah, but, you know...
-I mean, we're gonna get
out of here alive, and you're
never gonna see her again.
-Well, you don't know that.
-No, I do.
-You can't stop love.
-Travis...
You can't stop love.
-What is wrong with you?
-A lot, okay?!
I'm having a really bad day.
I'm not a cop. I got us caught.
We're hostages.
I lost your fucking wedding ring.
My ring?
Huh?
What about my ring?
What about it?
-Champ, right here.
-[camera clicking]
Come on, ladies, show me that smile.
[guard] He needs like five,
ten more minutes.
[photographer] Right here, ladies.
All right.
That's fire right there.
[quietly] I'll handle it.
Hey.
Good job, good job. Ladies, big arches.
[Zoe] Hey, what up, Champ?
I'm a, I'm a really big fan, man.
Uh, and, uh, I just wanted
to say I don't agree with them.
Okay? You ain't nobody's punk-ass bitch.
Excuse me?
Oh, Cortez.
Yeah, he up there, uh,
calling you all type of punk-ass bitches.
Talking to the cameras, all that.
Man, he talking about your family.
He even started talking about your mama,
and that I just thought was uncalled for.
He's doing a press conference?
I mean, Russ, would you let somebody
talk about your mama like that?
-Oh...
-Yeah, exactly.
Sounds like we need to go kick some ass.
-[Zoe] Now, that's what I'm talking about.
-Let's go.
'Cause I was wondering
what y'all was doing down here.
Come on.
[tense music playing]
[buzzer blares]
Hey, uh, hold on.
Wait-wait a second.
Excuse me.
I know you.
You're Michael's kid, right?
I was friends with Mike.
I-I recognized your photo.
I just wanted to say
your father died a hero.
I mean, that whole situation,
it was messed up.
Yeah, thanks.
And, uh, thanks for everything
you did for us, too.
Of course. Anything for Big Mike.
I'll let you go.
It's great meeting you.
[elevator doors clank]
[singer vocalizing]
Here, let me get that for you.
-No, we got it.
-[Russell] Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
We got it, bruh. It's all good.
We just like to do everything
by the book, bruh.
Okay. Just trying to help.
[singer vocalizing]
[driver over radio]
Truck 1530
checking in.
[Clark over radio]
We hear you,
truck 1530.
[driver]
We're ahead of schedule.
ETA to Sorrento: one minute.
[Clark]
Good. Hurry back.
♪ ♪
[singer vocalizing]
[buzzer blares]
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
[air brakes hiss]
Wait, two pickups?
♪ ♪
[singer vocalizing]
[siren wailing]
[siren fading]
[exhales sharply]
[sighs]
[Zoe]
Turn here.
[Travis]
This looks like a good place
to bury a dead body.
[Zoe]
Exactly.
It's where I'm gonna leave you.
[Russell] Leaving who?
-What?
-[chuckles] Relax.
I stashed a car.
Actually, I stashed two.
You can take Banner and Miguel's.
Your girl's got a plane to catch.
Wait, so that's it? That's-that's the end?
I'm not a horrible person.
[ambient music playing]
[Zoe sighs] There it is.
There's my baby.
[horn blaring]
-[Banner whoops]
-[Zoe grunts]
[liquid splashing]
[Russell groaning]
[Natalie echoing] Russ. Russ, wake up.
Russell.
Honey, Russell, wake up.
[echoing] Wake up.
Aw, look who's waking up.
-[Natalie] Russell.
-Hey.
-[Natalie] No. No!
-[Miguel whistling]
-[Miguel] Relax!
-[Russell] Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Man, what the fuck?!
You relax, too.
Okay.
-[Miguel whistling]
-Hey, Travis.
-Travis, wake up!
-[coughing] What?
[grunting]
Fuck!
Shit.
Where's Zo?
Oh, fuck, that's not good.
Thanks for doing all the hard work.
Ain't much changed, huh?
[screams, grunts]
Hey, you got me.
A'ight? You got the money.
Just let them go.
You like your new partners
better than your old ones, huh?
That's a damn shame.
[Travis] Oh, Russ, there's pliers.
Hold on.
-What?
-There's pliers behind you.
-[Russell] That's it?
-Yeah.
I'm taking everything.
Yeah.
Even this cheap-ass ring.
Is that my ring?
Travis, can you reach the gear?
Uh, yeah, I think so.
Put it in reverse.
-What about Zo?
-Just do it!
Money's in the car. Light 'em up.
[Miguel] Shit's about to get spicy.
-Go!
-[Natalie] Russ, hurry.
-Cut it.
-[grunts]
[engine starts]
-[tires squealing]
-[grunting]
Stop. Stop!
[tires squealing]
[cries out]
[Travis] Oh, shit.
Russ, are you okay?
[Russell] No!
[Travis] Yeah. All right.
Help her first.
[yells]
Oh, shit!
[grunting]
Come on.
[groaning]
[engine starts]
[tires squealing]
Fuck!
-Russell! Russell! [screaming]
-Shit!
-You're my insurance policy.
-No!
[Natalie] Russell!
[Natalie screams]
-Russ!
-Russell!
-Shut up.
-[screams] You shot Russell.
I will end you. Let me go!
[engine roaring]
[tires squealing]
Damn it, Banner!
Fuck. Russ, you all right?
[groans] No.
Come on.
[grunting]
-Dude, you got shot.
-I know.
-Let's go. Go. Go.
-[engine starts]
-[Travis] Hey, hey!
-[grunts]
-Oh, shit!
-[blood splashing]
[exclaims]
-Fuck.
-Ooh.
Ah, you think he's gonna be okay?
-[♪ Run the Jewels sings "Sea Legs"]
-♪
Pardon me, I got half-wit vision
♪
But fuck I know?
I just crawled here, cap'n
♪
Pass me the baton,
the rest of y'all batten the hatches
♪
In fact, better scram, I'm a bastard
On the lam in a hatchback
blasting some rap shit...
Shit.
♪
With my feet on the wheel and my hands
through the moonroof laughing,
let's crash this
♪
See, the truth from the womb
is a foolproof plan
♪
to be doomed while
the damned do they dances
♪
So I move through the room
like an animal
♪
fooling a master, but I don't got love
for the hand with the food,
matter fact
♪
I am drooling at that shit,
I don't only bite, but I'm rabid
♪
Try to pet my fucking head again
and I'm-a put a tooth
through the flesh
♪
of the palm that you jack with
-♪
This city just screams black magic
♪
-[horn blares]
And the threat to my heart
got traction
♪
Maybe should've never
started this path
♪
Every time I get a chance to advance,
it's backwards
♪
No thanks to my very own actions
Get a couple good drinks in the kid
♪
I can flip on a friend,
take a drug, fuck a chick
♪
that I shouldn't, oh, God,
I am one of those mad men...
[Zoe grunts]
♪ ♪
[horns blaring]
Hey, hey. Hey, watch it.
♪
But I been out on them choppy waves
and it's hard to say
♪
where this land begins
and that water stops
♪
-[sirens wailing]
-♪
I got sea legs
♪
I got sea legs, I got sea legs
♪♪
Yeah! Here comes the cavalry.
We're driving the truck.
The truck that robbed the Sorrento.
They think we're the bad guys.
And they have no idea that
the real bad guys are ahead of us.
They're chasing us.
-Oh, no!
-These motherfuckers are chasing us!
This is some bullshit!
Hey, Zoe, let's make a deal.
If you give me the money,
I'll give your partner
his little girl back.
You want to trade?
-[tires squealing]
-[Zoe grunts]
[sirens continue wailing]
[officer over speakers]
Pull over
and surrender immediately!
-Yeah!
-Hey, what are you doing?!
Natalie's in there!
Oh. Sorry.
[Clark over radio]
You assholes there?
-Where are you?
-What?
You were supposed to be back here
an hour ago.
I have a pissed-off collector
wondering where his monkey is.
You guys seeing this?
What assholes live in this town.
They stole a truck
and they robbed the Sorrento.
Like they're gonna get away with it.
Wait a minute. Is that my truck?
[TV reporter]
...and escaped
with $60 million in cash.
Are you kidding me?
You're the assholes?
[Russel and Travis]
Kiss my ass, Clark!
[Clark] Fuck you!
You pieces of shit!
[rapid gunfire]
-Shit!
-Shit! Fuck!
[officer] We're taking heavy fire!
Fall back! Fall back!
[tires squealing]
♪ ♪
[both grunt]
-Hey, hey, watch it, now.
-[Travis] Trust me.
-[electronic trilling]
-With our weight and velocity,
we have the momentum to land this.
Probably.
[both screaming]
[both exclaiming]
-[vehicles bang]
-[both grunt]
[tires squealing]
[Travis]
Leave my girl alone!
Ha ha.
-PIT maneuver!
-Man, you know I can't do that.
I don't want to hurt Natalie.
Hey, man, you got this.
You gonna crush this shit!
Do it!
[Russell]
Yeah!
Hey, we're on fire!
The wheel's getting hot.
Stop the truck.
-[brakes squeak]
-The brakes are out!
-Go, go, go!
-Go where?!
-We got to get out! Out!
-What?
We're just gonna jump?
[both grunt]
[Travis shouts]
[tires squealing]
We got to get Natalie!
[Travis] Yo, I'm stuck.
Russ, I'm stuck.
-What?
-I'm stuck!
-Let's go.
-Hold on!
-What do you mean, hold on?!
-Let's go!
-Hold on.
-No!
-[tires squealing]
-[Travis screaming]
[screaming]
Slow down!
-Go faster!
-Slower!
Stop being so fucking selfish!
[screaming]
-I can't see! Move!
-My bad!
[tires squealing]
[screams] Are those gunshots?
-Hold on!
-[screaming]
[dramatic music playing]
-I'm out.
-[Travis grunts]
What do we do?
♪ ♪
-[sharp thud]
-[Banner groans] Shit.
[Natalie] Told you.
If you fuck with my husband,
I will end you.
[panting]
Go ahead, Russ.
Go get your dick sucked.
[Russell] Baby.
[Natalie] I saved your ass.
Oh, are you okay?
-[Russell] Yeah, I'm okay. You okay?
-Yeah.
Happy anniversary.
[both laugh]
Thanks.
Oh, wait. And you...
next time you have some trouble,
I suggest you get a lawyer
and some therapy, you know,
and don't do nothing like this again.
And right now, get away from my wife
and I before you make us
-get shot at again.
-Fair enough.
[chuckles]
You want to ride off
into the sunset with me?
No.
But I won't stop you.
[mutters] You sure you don't want to go...
-I'm not gonna stop her.
-[chuckles]
You don't have to wait two days.
[car door opens, closes]
[engine sputtering]
[tires squealing]
♪ ♪
-So, you good?
-Yeah, I'm good.
Just a little confused.
Horny.
Alone.
Oh, shit.
-Almost forgot.
-[Natalie] Hmm?
[Travis] You taking his wallet?
[Natalie] Oh, God, don't touch him.
[Russell] No, I'm not touching him.
I'm getting this.
[gasps, sighs]
Uh-huh.
Honey, my ring.
-Huh? Huh?
-Wow.
What a surprise.
You reset it.
It's beautiful.
[Russell] Well, how about we start
our new career schedule right now?
Really?
-Right now.
-Yes. Yes.
-I get you all to myself.
-[growling playfully]
I'm so happy.
[plane engine buzzing]
There she goes.
[singer vocalizing]
♪ ♪
[sirens wailing]
[officer over speaker]
Put your hands up
and keep them where we can see them.
♪ ♪
-[busy chatter]
-[sirens wailing in distance]
Ow.
[Travis chuckles]
[coughs loudly]
[Travis] Oh, fuck.
[clears throat]
Russell told me everything.
You really stepped up today, rook.
Good for you.
Thank-thank you.
All in a day's work.
Thank you for that.
You lied to them.
-Well...
-I love you, dude.
Oh, no need to love, any of that.
You love me.
Oh, I definitely do not love you.
-It's fine to get in touch
with your emotions.
-That's...
-It'll help with...
-I'm in touch with my emotions.
He's a very emotional guy.
Very emotional guy.
Yeah, he-he just doesn't like you.
-I don't like you.
-Yeah.
I think you should've went off
into the sunset with...
You know what?
Put your number in my phone,
-so we can obviously...
-Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
-[chuckles] I'm not...
-...stay in touch.
-Oh, no.
-Come on. We're gonna do this again.
[Russell] Oh, no, we're not.
[Travis] You know you're gonna
see me again, Russ.
-I don't think...
-I know where you live.
If you ever-- if you-- boy, you...
-I'm coming. Yeah.
-[Russell chuckling]
You're fucked, buddy. We're friends.
-[♪ BJ the Chicago Kid and Eryn Allen Kane
singing "Make It Hot"]
-♪
Can you make it hot?
♪
-♪
Hey
♪
-♪
I like it when you make it hot
♪
I love it hot
Like it when you make it hot...
[phone vibrating]
[seagulls chirping]
[phone beeps]
[laughs]
Took you long enough.
Oh, thank God.
I've been trying numbers all month.
I couldn't remember the last three digits.
What?
[Travis] Glad I finally got ahold of you.
I've been doing some thinking.
Hey, look, I know this is embarrassing,
but I just need to know,
like, was that real?
Do you really want to see me again?
[sighs] Guess you're gonna have
to come to Bali to find out.
Come to Bali?
Who the fuck do you think I am?
My name's Travis Stolly, not DJ Khaled.
-I can't fucking...
-[laughs]
[sergeant] Mr. Stolly!
Are you paying attention?
[Travis]
Not anymore. Kiss my ass, sir!
♪
Baby, I just want that fire
I think you know
♪
Just what I came here for
I think I know
♪
Just what we came here for...
-Oh, hello.
-Hey.
I knew we were done
with 4:30 a.m. wake-ups, but 11:30?
-Mm-hmm.
-[chuckles]
♪
I know just what we came here for
Hot
♪
Make it hot, 'cause I love it
Hot
♪
Can you make it, can you make it
Can you make it, make it, make it
♪
♪ ♪
[rattling]
[gasps]
♪
Hey
It's such a lovely view...
[Natalie] Baby, you okay?
Yeah! We're great.
We're wonderful.
I'm fine, and so are you.
♪
Always know just where to go
Always know just how to be
♪
I know just what we came here
-♪
I like it hot
♪
-♪
Can you make it hot?
♪
I like it when you make it hot
♪♪
Ah, non. Mon dieu.
The museum is very upset.
You've destroyed
an extremely rare specimen.
[Clark] The museum?
We're the best in the business, pal.
My guys handled your delivery
with kid gloves.
If there's something wrong
with the specimen,
you should call the bozos
you bought it from.
Now, if you'll excuse me, I got a business
to run here. You understand?
Have a great fucking day, fuck face.
[line clicks]
[♪ Paul Russell sings "Feelin' Alright"]
[singers vocalizing]
♪
You know I'm feeling all right now
Pretty little thing
look good in that ring
♪
She nice
Dim a little bit of them,
dim a little bit of them lights
♪
Put a little something on,
put a little something on ice
♪
I don't know nothing 'bout nothing,
I'm living my life
♪
I got some money on me
So you got some money, too
♪
Don't ask no questions 'bout it
Did what I had to do
♪
I got away with something
so I get away with you
♪
Let's hit the bank and move
You know I'm feeling all right now
♪
[singers vocalizing]
You know I'm feeling all right now
♪
[singers vocalizing]
You know I'm feeling all right
♪
Hotel room, we packing that
And we running that back to back
♪
If they ask 'bout
how we got the Cadillac
♪
Rich uncle, can't be mad at that
We live it up, we do it fast
♪
we hit the store, we pay in cash
Girl, we was broke,
that was in the past, but
♪
You know I'm feeling all right now
[singers vocalizing]
♪
Yo, one more of that, one more of that
You know I'm feeling all right now
♪
-[singers vocalizing]
-♪
Uh-huh, uh-huh
♪
Uh-huh
You know I'm feeling all right now
♪♪
-[♪ Keke Palmer and DivaGurl singing
"Rock With You"]
-♪
Make me wanna rock
♪
Make me wanna rock with you
I can tell just by the way
you touch me
♪
there is no other place
that I could be, boy
♪
With just one look at me,
you know when something's up
♪
You never need a reason,
you do just because
♪
It's not about the cars you got
or what you spend on your watch
♪
It's 'bout the way you make me feel
that make me wanna rock with you
♪
It's not about the spot you got
or what you spend on your watch
♪
It's 'bout the way you make me feel
that make me wanna rock with you
♪
Make me wanna rock with you
Make me wanna rock with you,
make me wanna rock with you
♪
Make me wanna rock with you
Uh-huh
♪
♪♪
[song ends]
[upbeat music playing]
[singer vocalizing]
♪ ♪
[music ends]